small afternoon rest and team
without making excuses went to her
first training in the first collection
in 2015, the road to the field did not take away
citizens a lot of time and after seven
minutes after leaving the hotel wards
Oleg Kononov got acquainted with his lawn
the quality is quite satisfied with the players and
the team began their work on understandable
reasons namely since the first
half day was busy dear
the training was short and
ended a little less than an hour after
this time black and green had time to pay
attention running warm up and of course
working with the ball
but
this was the first working day of Krasnodar
at the training camp in the United
Arab Emirates
the team still has a lot of work ahead
the most interesting you learn from our
the following reports watch for
news